add speaker details (#2)
julia-users-helsinki/julia-users-helsinki.github.io: page/index.md

**Schedule**

- **16:00 -- 16:15** People arriving

> - **16:15 -- 16:45**: Invited talk: [Fabricio Oliveira](https://www.aalto.fi/fi/ihmiset/fabricio-oliveira), Aalto University, *title TBA*

Author: ```suggestion
- **16:15 -- 16:45**: Invited talk: [Fabricio Oliveira](https://www.aalto.fi/fi/ihmiset/fabricio-oliveira), Aalto University, *Teaching and research using Julia in the Gamma-opt research group*
```
